add missing parameter (#398)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-online/Set-SPOTenant.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisableBackToClassic

> Enable or disable the link "Return to classic SharePoint", on modern SharePoint list and library pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables or disables the link "Return to classic SharePoint" on modern SharePoint list and library pages.
```
